DOCS-8339 NetSuite Connector 10 Kim Edits (#890)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: netsuite/10.0/modules/ROOT/pages/netsuite-studio-configure.adoc

. Select the name of the connector in the Studio canvas.
. In the configuration screen for the operation, click the plus sign (+) next to the *Connector configuration* field to access the global element configuration fields.
. On the *General* tab, select an authentication mechanism and configure it as described: +

> * <<request-based-authentication,Request Based Authentication>>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <<request-based-authentication,Request-Based Authentication>>
```

* <<token-authentication,Token Authentication>>
. On the *Advanced* tab, optionally specify reconnection information, including a reconnection strategy.
. Click *Test Connection* to confirm that Mule can connect with the specified server.
. Click *OK*.

[[request-based-authentication]]

> === Request Based Authentication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Request-Based Authentication
```

Use this strategy to send user credentials in the SOAP header of each request instead of authenticating to NetSuite by invoking login.

image::netsuite-request-studio.png[request based authentication]
+
[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===

> |Parameter |Description

Reviewer: Not really "Description"s so much as "Action"s....

|Name |Enter a name for the configuration to reference in subsequent configurations of NetSuite Connector instances.
|Email |Enter the email used to log in to the NetSuite UI.

> |Password |Enter the corresponding password to log in to NetSuite UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Password |Enter the corresponding password to log in to the NetSuite UI.
```

> |Account |Enter the account ID of the SuiteTalk NetSuite Web Services. This is usually found within the NetSuite sandbox UI under *Setup > Integration > Web Service Preferences*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Account |Enter the account ID for SuiteTalk NetSuite Web Services. You can find this within the NetSuite sandbox UI under *Setup > Integration > Web Service Preferences*.
```

Reviewer: Should knowing the ID be a prereq., so users don't get to this step and have to backtrack?

Author: It was kinda hard to do this considering the way the topic is structured. See what you think of how I handled it.

> |Role Id |Enter the role ID for the user in SuiteTalk, which determines the Processor privileges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Role Id |Enter the role ID for the user in SuiteTalk, which determines the processor privileges.
```

> |Application Id |Enter the application ID corresponding to the Integration record to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Application Id |Enter the application ID corresponding to the integration record to use.
```

|===

=== Token Authentication

> This is a token-based authentication method that uses a consumer and token key or secret pairs, which are established within the NetSuite environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This token-based authentication method uses either a consumer and token key or secret pairs, which are established within the NetSuite environment:
```

image::netsuite-token-studio.png[request based authentication]
+
[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===

> |Parameter |Description

Reviewer: ditto re. Description vs. Action

> |Consumer Key |Enter the consumer key value for the token based authentication-enabled Integration record to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Consumer Key |Enter the consumer key value for the token-based authentication-enabled Integration record to use.
```

> |Consumer Secret |Enter the consumer secret value for the token based authentication-enabled Integration record to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Consumer Secret |Enter the consumer secret value for the token-based authentication-enabled Integration record to use.
```

> |Token ID |Enter the token ID that represents the unique combination of a user and Integration record that is generated within the NetSuite environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Token ID |Enter the token ID that represents the unique combination of a user and an integration record that is generated within the NetSuite environment.
```

> |Token Secret |Enter the respective token secret for the user and Integration record pair.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Token Secret |Enter the respective token secret for the user and integration record pair.
```

> |Account |Enter the account ID of the SuiteTalk NetSuite Web Services. This is usually found within the NetSuite sandbox UI under *Set Up > Integration > Web Service Preferences*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Account |Enter the account ID for SuiteTalk NetSuite Web Services. You can find this within the NetSuite sandbox UI under *Set Up > Integration > Web Service Preferences*.
```
ditto previous comments and question

> |Signature algorithm | Type of HMAC signature algorithm

Reviewer: No user action in second col.?

. Select the name of the connector in the Studio canvas.
. In the configuration screen for the operation, click the plus sign (+) next to the *Connector configuration* field to access the global element configuration fields.
. On the *General* tab, select an authentication mechanism and configure it as described: +
* <<request-based-authentication,Request-Based Authentication>>
* <<token-authentication,Token Authentication>>
+
[NOTE]

> To configure NetSuite authentication, you must have the account ID for SuiteTalk NetSuite Web Services, which you can find within the NetSuite sandbox UI under *Setup > Integration > Web Service Preferences*.

Reviewer: Should this be a prereq?

Author: No

image::netsuite-request-studio.png[request based authentication]
+
[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===
|Parameter |Description
|Name |Name for the configuration to reference in subsequent configurations of NetSuite Connector instances
|Email |Email used to log in to the NetSuite UI
|Password |Corresponding password to log in to the NetSuite UI
|Account |Account ID for SuiteTalk NetSuite Web Services
|Role Id |Role ID for the user in SuiteTalk, which determines the processor privileges
|Application Id |Application ID corresponding to the integration record to use
|===

=== Token Authentication

This token-based authentication method uses either a consumer and token key or secret pairs, which are established within the NetSuite environment:

image::netsuite-token-studio.png[request based authentication]
+
[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===
|Parameter |Description
|Consumer Key |Consumer key value for the token-based authentication-enabled Integration record to use
|Consumer Secret |Consumer secret value for the token-based authentication-enabled Integration record to use

> |Token ID |Token ID that represents the unique combination of a user and an integration record that is generated within the NetSuite environment

Reviewer: Integration record or integration record?
I'd vouch for lowercase....
